all throughout history nations have had to defend themselves against people
who wanted their land or their crops or their valuables or sometimes
just wanted destroyed what they head for the sheer joy of destroying
something somebody else hacer seems to be something in human
nature that says if that guy's got something and I can't take it least
I can break it up and he can't so there's been a need to defend
oneself and generally you do you go to the population and say you've
gotta come fight with us the Greek states had such a system the the
Romans had small through life and in the nineteenth and twentieth century
nation states would say you must serve when the time comes and
one of the things they found useful as it's useful to train people
before the time you think in the militia and see and the Continental
Army or the militias even they end the civil war that mit local people
would get together and trained militarily so that there was a need
for there to be called up the reserves serve that function today
the navy may only have the money for and need five hundred thousand
people river the number is this this year enough but they may need
twice that many of war breaks out so a lot of people they say well you
can go home and be a civilian but will pay you a little to come in
and drill on weekends to keep your skills up to date keep your promotions
in line learn new skills and things of that nature and then
if if there is a need for you to come on active duty will call you and
those of the reserves and many reservists volunteer to go back on
active duty from time to time for special duty had a friend who really
love cryptology and ever so often E. bill it would open up at the
national purity agency in for me and if he found out about it he put
in port he'd say will recall been active duty for two years now do
that job if he if he wound up doing almost an entire career just those
two year kinds of duties but that's what the reserve support to
go when they're needed